something that is put in.
to place (a dead body) in a grave or tomb; bury. 
of or relating to ions. 
the use of words to convey a meaning that is the opposite of its literal meaning: the irony of her reply, “How nice!” when I said I had to work all weekend.
a very small island.
the hard white substance, a variety of dentin, composing the main part of the tusks of elephants, walruses, etc.
a short journey, especially one taken for pleasure.
action, seen as bringing upon oneself inevitable results, good or bad, either in this life or in a reincarnation: in Hinduism one of the means of reaching Brahman.
small pieces of meat or seafood seasoned or marinated and broiled, often with tomatoes, green peppers, onions, or other vegetables, usually on a skewer.
dull yellowish brown.
a small, rounded hill or eminence; hillock.
a slip of paper, cloth, or other material, marked or inscribed, for attachment to something to indicate its manufacturer, nature, ownership, destination, etc.
productive activity, especially for the sake of economic gain.
either of the two parts of a garment folded back on the chest, especially a continuation of a coat collar.
an accidental or temporary decline or deviation from an expected or accepted condition or state; a temporary falling or slipping from a previous standard: a lapse of justice.
the immature, wingless, feeding stage of an insect that undergoes complete metamorphosis.
to go out of or away from, as a place: to leave the house.
wary; suspicious (usually followed by of): I'm leery of his financial advice.
defamation by written, printed, or broadcast words or pictures: Intentionally or knowingly posting content that constitutes libel is prohibited.
something that makes things visible or affords illumination: All colors depend on light.
any of various shrubs belonging to the genus Syringa, of the olive family, having large clusters of fragrant purple or white flowers: the state flower of New Hampshire.
fabric woven from flax yarns.
a large, reddish-brown, glandular organ located in the upper right side of the abdominal cavity, divided by fissures into five lobes and functioning in the secretion of bile and various metabolic processes.
extending high in the air; of imposing height; towering: lofty mountains.
full of loops.
a person, team, nation, that loses.
humble in station, condition, or nature:a lowly cottage.
full of or characterized by healthy vigor.
the telling of lies,  or false statements; untruthfulness: From boyhood, he has never been good at lying.
(often initial capital letter) a polite term of address to a woman, originally used only to a woman of rank or authority.
a commissioned military officer ranking next below a lieutenant colonel and next above a captain.
(in England) a landed estate or territorial unit, originally of the nature of a feudal lordship, consisting of a lord's demesne and of lands within which he has the right to exercise certain privileges, exact certain fees, etc.
to take in marriage.
a tract of low wet land, often treeless and periodically inundated, generally characterized by a growth of grasses, sedges, cattails, and rushes.
a stroke made by hitting the cue ball with the cue held almost or quite perpendicular to the table.
an expression of a general truth or principle, especially an aphoristic or sententious one: the maxims of La Rochefoucauld.
a flat piece of metal, often a disk but sometimes a cross, star, or other form, usually bearing an inscription or design, issued to commemorate a person, action, or event, or given as a reward for bravery, merit, or the like: a gold medal for the best swimmer.
claim to respect and praise; excellence; worth.
any of a class of elementary substances, as gold, silver, or copper, all of which are crystalline when solid and many of which are characterized by opacity, ductility, conductivity, and a unique luster when freshly fractured.
any of numerous minute dipterous insects, especially of the family Chironomidae, somewhat resembling a mosquito. 
the position of anything surrounded by other things or parts, or occurring in the middle of a period of time, course of action, etc.
to imitate or copy in action, speech, etc., often playfully or derisively.
to cut or chop into very small pieces.
a standard or example for imitation or comparison.
moderately or slightly wet; damp. 
any circulating medium of exchange, including coins, paper money,  and demand deposits.
Also called calendar month.  any of the twelve parts, as January or February, into which the calendar year is divided.
a comparatively small and powerful engine, especially an internal-combustion engine in an automobile, motorboat,  or the like.
a maxim adopted as an expression of the guiding principle of a person, organization, city, etc.
(of birds, mammals, reptiles, and arthropods) to shed (feathers, hair, skin, or cuticle)
to go up; climb; ascend: to mount stairs.
to feel or express sorrow or grief.
a sequence of consecutive still images recorded in a series to be viewed on a screen in such rapid succession as to give the illusion of natural movement; motion picture. 
the dead body of a human being or animal, treated with natural or chemical desiccants and preservatives as part of preparation for burial, as notably practiced in ancient Egyptian and South American cultures: The Egyptian mummies on display, characteristically wrapped in multiple layers of linen, are more than 3,500 years old.
physically filthy; disgustingly unclean: a nasty pigsty of a room.
of or relating to a person's birth: celebrating one's natal day.
of or relating to warships: a naval battle; naval strength.
in a condition of need or want; extremely poor and not having the basic necessities: If your car is serviceable, it will be repaired and donated to a needy family.
the period of darkness between sunset and sunrise.
one of a numerous class of lesser deities of mythology, conceived of as beautiful maidens inhabiting the sea, rivers, woods, trees, mountains, meadows, etc., and frequently mentioned as attending a superior deity.
the parts of a butchered animal that are considered inedible by human beings; carrion.
an evergreen tree, Olea europaea, of Mediterranean and other warm regions, cultivated chiefly for its fruit.Compare olive family. 
a beginning or start: the onset of winter.
additional or further: he and one other person.
(used to express duty or moral obligation): Every citizen ought to help.
to surpass in execution or performance: The cook outdid himself last night.
a compound in which oxygen is bonded to one or more electropositive atoms.
a distinct portion, section, or division of a wall, wainscot, ceiling, door, shutter, fence, etc., especially of any surface sunk below or raised above the general level or enclosed by a frame or border.
a sudden overwhelming fear, with or without cause, that produces hysterical or irrational behavior, and that often spreads quickly through a group of persons or animals.
a substance made from wood pulp, rags, straw, or other fibrous material, usually in thin sheets, used to bear writing or printing, for wrapping things, etc.
a small sharp knife used in paring fruits or vegetables
to ward off (a thrust, stroke, weapon, etc.), as in fencing; avert.
any item of food covered with dough, batter, etc., and fried or baked: oyster patties.
a temporary stop or rest, especially in speech or action: a short pause after each stroke of the oar.
the subacid, juicy, drupaceous fruit of a tree, Prunus persica, of the rose family.
a pole or rod, usually horizontal, serving as a roost for birds.
jaunty; cheerful; brisk; pert.
any of the major appearances or aspects in which a thing of varying modes or conditions manifests itself to the eye or mind.
photograph. 
extremely fussy or finicky, usually over trifles.
reverence for God or devout fulfillment of religious obligations: a prayer full of piety.
a person duly qualified to steer ships into or out of a harbor or through certain difficult waters.
a variant of piny. 
marked with spots of white and other colors; mottled; spotted: a pinto horse.
brief, forceful, and meaningful in expression; full of vigor, substance, or meaning; terse; forcible: a pithy observation.
Botany. any member of the kingdom Plantae, comprising multicellular organisms that typically produce their own food from inorganic matter by the process of photosynthesis and that have more or less rigid cell walls containing cellulose, including vascular plants, mosses, liverworts, and hornworts: some classification schemes may include fungi, algae, bacteria, and certain single-celled eukaryotes that have plantlike qualities, as rigid cell walls or the use of photosynthesis.
a fold of definite, even width made by doubling cloth or the like upon itself and pressing or stitching it in place.
to pull off or out from the place of growth, as fruit, flowers, feathers, etc.: to pluck feathers from a chicken.
a sharp or tapering end, as of a dagger.
a person or thing that pokes. 
to strike repeatedly with great force, as with an instrument, the fist, heavy missiles, etc.
ability to do or act; capability of doing or accomplishing something.
a puncture made by a needle, thorn, or the like.
a high or inordinate opinion of one's own dignity, importance, merit, or superiority, whether as cherished in the mind or as displayed in bearing, conduct, etc.
the part of a piano duet played on the upper half of the keyboard.
to produce (a text, picture, etc.) by applying inked types, plates, blocks, or the like, to paper or other material either by direct pressure or indirectly by offsetting an image onto an intermediate roller.
a reward for victory or superiority, as in a contest or competition.
to establish the truth or genuineness of, as by evidence or argument: to prove one's claim.
the agency, function, or power of a person authorized to act as the deputy or substitute for another.
pertaining to, characteristic of, or resembling pulp;  fleshy or soft.
to rid of whatever is impure or undesirable; cleanse; purify. 
a unit of liquid measure of capacity, equal to one fourth of a gallon, or 57.749 cubic inches (0.946 liter) in the U.S. and 69.355 cubic inches (1.136 liters) in Great Britain.
a question; an inquiry.
making no noise or sound, especially no disturbing sound: quiet neighbors.
a peculiarity of action, behavior, or personality; mannerism: He is full of strange quirks.
wireless telegraphy or telephony: speeches broadcast by radio.
characterized by rain: rainy weather; a rainy region.
to act in response to an agent or influence: How did the audience react to the speech?
a representation of a word or phrase by pictures, symbols, etc., that suggest that word or phrase or its syllables: Two gates and a head is a rebus for Gateshead.
to refute by evidence or argument.
to recondition (a worn automobile tire) by cementing on a strip of prepared rubber and vulcanizing by subjecting to heat and pressure in a mold.
to begin or take up again, as an acquaintance, a conversation, etc.; resume. 
to pay back or refund, as money.
to make efforts to vomit.
retroactive: retro pay.
a rhinoceros.
identity in sound of some part, especially the end, of words or lines of verse.
any of several small Old World birds having a red or reddish breast, especially Erithacus rubecula, of Europe.
a machine that resembles a human and does mechanical, routine tasks on command.
a dishonest, knavish person; scoundrel.
affording ample room;  spacious; large.
any of various red cosmetics for coloring the cheeks or lips.
having a flat, circular surface, as a disk.
of or relating to a king, queen, or other sovereign: royal power; a royal palace.
discourteous or impolite, especially in a deliberate way: a rude reply.
a cupronickel coin and monetary unit of India, Nepal, and Pakistan, equal to 100 paise. Abbreviation: R., Re.
covered with or affected by rust. 
any of certain persons of exceptional holiness of life, formally recognized as such by the Christian Church, especially by canonization.
a usually cold dish consisting of vegetables, as lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumbers, covered with a dressing and sometimes containing seafood, meat, or eggs.
cooked or browned in a pan containing a small quantity of butter, oil, or other fat.
to burn or affect painfully with or as if with hot liquid or steam.
to fill, especially suddenly, with fear or terror; frighten; alarm. 
open or unqualified contempt; disdain: His face and attitude showed the scorn he felt.
to remove dirt, grease, etc., from or to cleanse or polish by hard rubbing, as with a rough or abrasive material: to scour pots and pans.
a small piece or portion; fragment: a scrap of paper.
abounding in seed. 
to act as a servant. 
to separate (a part) from the whole, as by cutting or the like.
to move or sway with short, quick, irregular vibratory movements.
plan to, intend to, or expect to: I shall go later.
the painful feeling arising from the consciousness of something dishonorable, improper, ridiculous, etc., done by oneself or another: She was overcome with shame. 
a fragment, especially of broken earthenware.
a square, triangular, or oblong piece of wool or other material worn, especially by women, about the shoulders, or the head and shoulders, in place of a coat or hat outdoors, and indoors as protection against chill or dampness.
to give forth or glow with light; shed or cast light.
one of the counties of Great Britain.
a past participle of show. 
making an imposing display: showy flowers.
a woody plant smaller than a tree, usually having multiple permanent stems branching from or near the ground.
to raise and contract (the shoulders), expressing indifference, disdain, etc.
the act or process of surrounding and attacking a fortified place in such a way as to isolate it from help and supplies, for the purpose of lessening the resistance of the defenders and thereby making capture possible.
Disparaging and Offensive. an effeminate boy or man.
the ability, coming from one's knowledge, practice, aptitude, etc., to do something well: Carpentry was one of his many skills.
to splash or move through water, mud, or slush.
habitual disinclination to exertion; laziness; indolence:  Indifference, negligence, and sloth have no place in the classroom. 
to drop or fall heavily; collapse: Suddenly she slumped to the floor.
simple past tense and past participle of sling1. 
to be a source of sharp, local, and usually superficial pain, as a wound.
to spread or daub (an oily, greasy, viscous, or wet substance) on or over something: to smear butter on bread.
to fuse or melt (ore) in order to separate the metal contained.
to strike or hit hard, with or as with the hand, a stick, or other weapon: She smote him on the back with her umbrella.
to go in a stealthy or furtive manner; slink; skulk.
the part of an animal's head projecting forward and containing the nose and jaws; muzzle.
soaked; thoroughly wet; sodden.
of or relating to the sun: solar phenomena.
to find the answer or explanation for; clear up; explain: to solve the mystery of the missing books.
of or relating to sound.
a person, machine, or device that scatters seed over the earth for the purpose of growth: The plows went up and down the fields, the sowers plodding after them.This sower has a capacity of 6 bags of grass seed, ideal for use on small farms or golf courses.
a tool for digging, having an iron blade adapted for pressing into the ground with the foot and a long handle commonly with a grip or crosspiece at the top, and with the blade usually narrower and flatter than that of a shovel.
to name, write, or otherwise give the letters, in order, of (a word, syllable, etc.): Did I spell your name right?
to pay out, disburse, or expend; dispose of (money, wealth, resources, etc.): resisting the temptation to spend one's money.
seasoned with or containing spice: a spicy salad dressing.
a usually high-flown talk or speech, especially for the purpose of luring people to a movie, a sale, etc.; pitch.
a naillike fastener, 3 to 12 inches (7.6 to 30.5 centimeters) long and proportionately thicker than a common nail, for fastening together heavy timbers or railroad track.
to cause or allow to run or fall from a container, especially accidentally or wastefully: to spill a bag of marbles; to spill milk.
water or other liquid broken up into minute droplets and blown, ejected into, or falling through the air.
a small number of soldiers, commonly 10 privates, a staff sergeant, and a corporal; the smallest military unit.
a group of persons, as employees, charged with carrying out the work of an establishment or executing some undertaking.
one of a flight or series of steps for going from one level to another, as in a building.
not fresh; vapid or flat, as beverages; dry or hardened, as bread.
(of a person) to be in an upright position on the feet.
to begin or set out, as on a journey or activity.
the place of a person or thing as occupied by a successor or substitute: The nephew of the queen came in her stead.
a horse, especially a high-spirited one.
a mug, usually earthenware, especially for beer.
a branch or shoot of a tree or shrub that has been cut or broken off.
to prick or wound with a sharp-pointed, often venom-bearing organ.
to emit a strong offensive smell.
stamp (defs. 1-3). 
a single seat on legs or a pedestal and without arms or a back.
an establishment where merchandise is sold, usually on a retail basis.
a narrative, either true or fictitious, in prose or verse, designed to interest, amuse, or instruct the hearer or reader; tale.
bulky in figure; heavily built; corpulent; thickset; fat: She is getting too stout for her dresses.
a portable or fixed apparatus that furnishes heat for warmth, cooking, etc., commonly using coal, oil, gas, wood, or electricity as a source of power.
a sweet, crystalline substance, C12H22O11, obtained chiefly from the juice of the sugarcane  and the sugar beet,  and present in sorghum, maple sap, etc.: used extensively as an ingredient and flavoring of certain foods and as a fermenting agent in the manufacture of certain alcoholic beverages; sucrose.Compare beet sugar, cane sugar. 
free from doubt as to the reliability, character, action, etc., of something: to be sure of one's data.
having the taste or flavor characteristic of sugar, honey, etc.
liquid or partly liquid food for animals, especially kitchen refuse given to swine; hogwash.
to move around or along with a whirling motion; whirl; eddy.
understood without being openly expressed; implied: tacit approval.
having a tang. 
any of several large, stout, three-toed ungulates of the family Tapiridae, of Central and South America, the Malay Peninsula, and Sumatra, somewhat resembling swine and having a long, flexible snout: all species are threatened or endangered.
to reproach in a sarcastic, insulting, or jeering manner; mock. 
to irritate or provoke with persistent petty distractions, trifling jests, or other annoyances, often in a playful way: If your little sister is teasing you about your boyfriend and following you around making kissy faces, it’s because she’s jealous and wants your attention.
a form of the possessive case of plural they  used as an attributive adjective, before a noun: their home;their rights as citizens;their departure for Rome.
a subject of discourse, discussion, meditation, or composition; topic: The need for world peace was the theme of the meeting.
a sharp excrescence on a plant, especially a sharp-pointed aborted branch; spine; prickle.
plural of that. 
the short, thick, inner digit of the human hand, next to the forefinger.
any of numerous plants belonging to the genus Thymus, of the mint family, including the common garden herb T. vulgaris, a low subshrub having narrow, aromatic leaves used for seasoning.
a jeweled, ornamental coronet worn by women.
Anatomy. the inner of the two bones of the leg, that extend from the knee to the ankle and articulate with the femur and the talus; shinbone.
a large, carnivorous, tawny-colored and black-striped feline, Panthera tigris, of Asia, ranging in several subspecies from India and the Malay Peninsula to Siberia: the entire species is endangered, with some subspecies thought to be extinct.
Phonetics, Orthography. a diacritic (~) placed over an n, as in Spanish mañana, to indicate a palatal nasal sound or over a vowel, as in Portuguese são, to indicate nasalization.
slightly intoxicated or drunk.
this present day: Today is beautiful.
a natural object or an animate being, as an animal or bird, assumed as the emblem of a clan, family, or group.
a surviving mark, sign, or evidence of the former existence, influence, or action of some agent or event; vestige: traces of an advanced civilization among the ruins.
Railroads. a self-propelled, connected group of rolling stock.
a distinguishing characteristic or quality, especially of one's personal nature: bad traits of character.
anything worthless, useless, or discarded; rubbish. 
Also called trawl net . a strong fishing net for dragging along the sea bottom.
to act or behave toward (a person) in some specified way: to treat someone with respect.
a group of three, especially of three closely related persons or things.
a very short time; an instant: in a trice.
lacking in freshness or effectiveness because of constant use or excessive repetition; hackneyed; stale: the trite phrases in his letter.
to fish for or in with a moving line, working the line up or down with a rod, as in fishing for pike, or trailing the line behind a slow-moving boat.
Rhetoric.  any literary or rhetorical device, as metaphor, metonymy, synecdoche, and irony, that consists in the use of words in other than their literal sense. an instance of this.Compare figure of speech. 
a collection of objects.
to tie, bind, or fasten.
an appointment to meet at a certain time and place, especially one made somewhat secretly by lovers.
to give out a sharp, vibrating sound, as the string of a musical instrument when plucked.
a coarse wool cloth in a variety of weaves and colors, either hand-spun and handwoven in Scotland or reproduced, often by machine, elsewhere.
two times, as in succession
a strong thread or string composed of two or more strands twisted together.
Pathology. a sore on the skin or a mucous membrane, accompanied by the disintegration of tissue, the formation of pus, etc.
going beyond what is usual or ordinary; excessive; extreme. 
not having been fed
not fit;  not adapted or suited; unsuitable: He was unfit for his office.
to make or become a single unit; unite: to unify conflicting theories;to unify a country.
to join, combine, or incorporate so as to form a single whole or unit. 
simple past tense and past participle of meet1. 
to overturn: to upset a pitcher of milk.
a person who escorts people to seats in a theater, church, etc.
to employ for some purpose; put into service; make use of: to use a knife. 
to seize and hold (a position, office, power, etc.) by force or without legal right: The pretender tried to usurp the throne.
a male servant who attends to the personal needs of his male employer, as by taking care of clothing or the like; manservant.
sound; just; well-founded: a valid reason.
active strength or force.
of, relating to, or caused by a virus. 
of or relating to life: vital processes.
strikingly bright or intense, as color, light, etc.: a vivid green.
an unaged, colorless, distilled spirit, originally made in Russia.
the sound or sounds uttered through the mouth of living creatures, especially of human beings in speaking, shouting, singing, etc.
to support as being true, certain, reliable, etc. (usually followed by for)
odd or irrational; crazy: They had some wacky plan for selling more books.
a ballroom dance, in moderately fast triple meter, in which the dancers revolve in perpetual circles, taking one step to each beat.
to consume, spend, or employ uselessly or without adequate return; use to no avail or profit; squander: to waste money; to waste words.
to be alertly on the lookout, look attentively, or observe, as to see what comes, is done, or happens: to watch while an experiment is performed.
physically or mentally exhausted by hard work, exertion, strain, etc.; fatigued; tired: weary eyes;a weary brain.
a piece of hard material with two principal faces meeting in a sharply acute angle, for raising, holding, or splitting objects by applying a pounding or driving force, as from a hammer.Compare machine (def. 3b). 
to strike with a smart, resounding blow or blows.
the young of a carnivore, as a dog, bear, lion, seal, etc.
a loud cry or shout, as of excitement or joy.
to draw back or tense the body, as from pain or from a blow; start; flinch. 
to seek the favor, affection, or love of, especially with a view to marriage.
the earth or globe, considered as a planet.
a past participle of weave. 
a simple past tense of write. 
simple past tense and past participle of wring. 
to have an earnest or strong desire; long: to yearn for a quiet vacation.
to give forth or produce by a natural process or in return for cultivation: This farm yields enough fruit to meet all our needs.
the condition of being young.
full of zest;  piquant: a zesty salad dressing.